


Swadesitrend, a small initiative, to keep this culture alive.
 
The moment we hear the word culture, a lot of thoughts and queries pop up in our head, so let's start with few questions.
The first question that arises is, what exactly is the word culture mean? Culture is a type of social behavior. Culture is nothing but just a perfect alignment based on a lot of things such as geographical, historical, psychological, mental, social, economic structure, environment, etc.
"Culture encompasses religion, food, what we wear, how we wear it, our language, marriage, music, what we believe is right or wrong, how we sit at the table, how we greet visitors, how we behave with loved ones, and a million other things
The next question arises, how then is this culture formed?
Before understanding this, we need to understand that you can never decide to go in any direction in any direction at any time, in the opposite direction of the atmosphere of that place, if it is your priority to be safe. For example, there is a saying that almost all of us have heard that "you cannot swim against the edge of any river." Yes, if you are a strong and powerful person, then you may try for a while, but here we are talking about a delicate, beautiful light-flowered flower. No flower fights with the water's edge, it just goes on flowing in the water's edge. Our whole life is also like that flower, delicate and beautiful. If it is about one or two flowers and they are flowing in the water, then that can be a beautiful sight, but when it comes to millions of flowers, then we have to think something else, we have to arrange something else. Looking at the current situation then, we can arrange a boat, and now millions of flowers can flow through this boat in the river. Now if a flower wants to walk in this boat in a few steps in the reverse direction of this boat, then it can walk comfortably because now they are present in a safe environment. Now try to understand it in the same way that culture is created in this way, this arrangement of the boat is an example.
The construction work of culture is also similar to the way a boat is constructed. In the construction of a boat, we take care of many things such as: taking care of the solidity of the boat, taking care of the fluctuations of the water, taking care of the storms in the future, the outside waves have no significant effect, etc. But we notice. In the same way, many small things matter in the creation of a culture, such as the atmosphere there, the things available, the geographical map there, the spirituality there, the lifestyle of that place, the life of the inhabitants of that place. Based on what basic things and animals, the mental, social and current economy of the people living there, we create a system called a culture with beautiful coordination made of thousands of such things.
The next thought in the world of your thoughts may also be that "If this culture is the confluence of such a vast system, it is so precious, then why is such a cultural culture slowly disappearing?" And as we can see in the present condition that this prized culture is disappearing, and even though life is going on in a very simple way, then why should we avoid this culture?
 The point here is that we look at it in such a way that "like before a whole group of people had laid down some rules, laws and some formulas, and we are just living those rules, and we call it culture." Are assuming No, it's not that. Culture is not ready-made and imposed rule, culture is a phenomenon of combining the decisions made by the existing people of every age with their thinking, understanding, and intelligence. If you look at culture from the point of view that it is a rule made by some individual or the whole particular, then it is justified to be destroyed. If you look at the culture right in Maine, then you will see that it has not disappeared, but it has increased and has become vast. Just as our Sima was not limited only to geographical boundaries, in the same way, cultures around the world started mixing in each other. Earlier we used to live based on one culture, today we live in a mixture of many cultures. You should not say this as if Sanskritia is fading now, no, in fact, different kinds of Sanskritia are being added to it according to our needs.
The next question was, why then avoid it?
When we say that Swadesitrend, small chaos, to keep our culture alive, it does not mean that we are on a particular type of campaign. And you cannot save any culture, because it is one of the things that change with time. Culture is a huge thing, we are talking about only a small aspect of it, an aspect that is still alive but has been submerged in the fashion crowd. We talk about the dress. 

As we all know and live in this, today's round is formal, a technical round, a round of employment in the office. The beginning of this period is based on Western personality. And we also follow the costumes of western trends. This is a necessity in today's time, we have no complaints about it. We are talking about our personal life, walking and moving inside our homes. In today's era, where Western methods are being spoken everywhere, even today, the system of celebrating some special occasions, festivals, and various kinds of events is connected to our culture. We talk about those special moments, here you can once again imagine the boat and the edge of the water, when we have some special pallets of our life around us like wedding-marriage, festival, worship, or small- The way of celebrating a family conference is only part of our culture, so why don't we be fully involved in those occasions. Why not only the clothes used to participate in those programs, the same has been selected and fixed keeping in mind the same things.
It is not simply some specially made and decorated with some workmanship and carvings, some special types of garments are scientifically, mentally, and psychologically established within us. Women and girls can feel it even today, that instead of western clothes, they get a good experience in Indian clothes on any special occasion. By Hindustani clothing, we do not mean just old-style clothing. Our countries change the way of clothing every few kilometers, but some of these forms are still seen on a large scale, such as lehenga, sari, Kurti, etc.
All of you, and especially women, will agree that if they have a cupful of clothes and a small portion of the same cupboard has some cultural clothing, then when you have a robe on your shelf, it will A small part of the cultural fabric creates a separate place in your heart for you, SwadesiTrend is just a small effort to retain the same heart space.                                 